Oh my god...
My stomach...stomachache
Damn !!! It's soooo bad
Awww I really want to buy a new tree
but my stomach is in very bad condition
I have stomachache !!!
What's up Teenoi?
Minie !
I can't do this anymore...
What's wrong?
Well...his boss's son!!
He won't stop playing
I'm super tired
What?
What do want from the kids?
Naughty kid is smart kid, you know ?
Listen !
It's too tired for me
If you call me only because of this
I'll hang up !!
so annoying
What?
Minie !
I separate Win from James
It's your job to handle everything now on!!
Hmm...
Damn !
She's so useless
well what I've to do next...
Where's Teenoi?
Oh yes where's he?
Where's he?
He's in the couch
let's watch
where's he?
this is so interesting
can you find him?
I'm trying to but I just can't see him
I'm gonna go play game
Come on
Let's go play!
fine
I'll follow you
You look a lot better!
Really? Is that so obvious?
Yep
You feel better now right? I mean...about Beauty?
Well…I still think of her sometime
I still feel something
but I know what to do
Being single is not that bad
You only need cold beer
and things will be fine
….for single life
Are you sure that you’re single?
I saw you're on call for an hour?
Oh..
What?
(crying)
It’s just friend
Oh shit...
I just need someone to talk to and I’m happy with that so…
(crying)
(laughing)
Are you alright?
Damn crazy....I should ask you
I'm ok
How can I be not ok? Look!
it's you....you don't look like you're ok
I'm ok !!
Be careful !
Look !
Oh…you guys enjoy beer?
Wanna join us? Just relax
Yeah..let’s chill out
Nope
I'm tired today
I'll rest now
I'll follow you
Alright
Good night Teenoi
Come on ! Sit here
I'll join you for a bit
Come on here
I've one for you
Let us know what's going on out there?
It's great
Great?
Nothing to tell us?
so what's wrong with Teenoi?
He’s tried I guess
He played a lot today
Play?
Play with the kids
Oh really
so how about you guys?
are you guys dating?
Damn crazy!!
LOL
Wait...there's something wrong
You have nothing to tell me ? Really?
Nope !!!
LOL
Ok got it
What's wrong with you James?
Why you try to force us like this!!
Hmm...well
How can I date her?
Well..look around
it's just a perfect time
No way
Alright then
Do you know...
the reason why I don't want to drink or get drunk
(crying)
because I still miss Beauty
Well... you just told me you're fine now
you forgot it all?
Hmm....ok
I'm not gonna bother you guys
enjoy the night
I'm leaving
I’ll go to see how’s Teenoi right now
Ok
good night then
Well..How about Beam?
Any progresses ?
Hmm...
Good
Slightly get to know each other
This is love
If we get it, it’ll be better
right?
true
Honestly
you look cute when you are on serious mode
Stop it now !!
Don’t flirt ! I’m not into it
guys always act like this
So annoying…I know I’m beautiful so stop flirting
What??? it's too far beyond
I'm leaving
what?
I’ve to poop when I saw your face LOL
Just go! Silly !
You think you’re handsome? Damn…
(sigh)
damn crazy !!
(crying)
James....
I'm tired
I know you're tired
but can I just give you a hug
Well…just being babysitter
Why is it so tired...
Aww...my Teenoi
you're the cutest
You should get reward for being this cute
next week
shall we do health check-up?
It’s a reward from looking after my boss’s son
I got health check-up package for free
let's check-up together
Yep
James !
what?
I’m too tired today
Please Teenoi
I'm in a low energy mode
well...ok
take a rest
I'll take a shower
(door bell ring)
who's that?
who are you??
win !!!!
Kao !!!
wait wait wait
are you ok?
how can you punch me idiot !!!
it's you!
win...
this is Kao
the guy I told you last night
Wait… the guy you said “just friend” ?
yep
I want to be your boyfriend
So why don’t you ask me to be your girlfriend?
If you’re late, I’ll date another guy
Well…I’m doing it right now
Please be my girlfriend
Please don’t leave me
ouch!!!
Are you hurt?
the sunshine
is not as hot as your lovely eyes
who's gonna be responsible for this!!
Eww...
let's get inside
Oh no Win
Did he punch you or kick you in the face?
are you hurt?
not at all
but...
what's wrong with you arms?
the arms of love
so be my girlfriend
oh my god
James
I think I can’t do health check-up with you
why?
Look at my eyes !!
oh alright
James
I also can’t go with you
why?
I have something do to with Kao
It’s none of your business ok?
enough
hmm....
hey James
Thank you so much for offering this great check-up package
You can go with Teenoi then
I'm so sorry
Hmm...ok
We can go together James. 2 of us
ok!
Guys!
I’ll check with the hospital if they can hold the package for you
However, you can visit them next time when you’re free
alright?
great !!
Thank you so much handsome James !
enough!!!
Let me do it for you
Shit !!
are you hurt?
why don't you do it by yourself?
give it back to me!
he's hurt
No
Leave him
are you worry?
hmm...a bit
what I have to do?
a lot
hello
I'll check the pressure first
Win I just finished health check-up
How’s going over there?
You guys have already done?
I haven’t finished yet
Well..I’ll delay this
by taking Teenoi for a ride
Ok . I’ll text you when I’m done
Great! Thank you so much
Ok
I’m already done. Let’s go home
did you wash your hands yet?
oops I forgot
Let’s go home
Are you hungry?
yep
Iet's have some delish meal
What do you want to eat?
Hmm...Let’s see
Hmm...what to eat ??
I'll take you to a cafe
they said it's very nice place to hang out
oh really?
It's way too good
can I trust you?
sure !
where's it?
it’s secret
tell me please
please please please
please tell me
pleaseeeeeeeee
I want to know
Nope...it's a secret
I’ll tell you later
Don't tell me?
come on
you're hungry
aren't you?
yep
me too
let's go?
alright let's go
(gurgling stomach)
oops
Someone is hungry now ?
a bit
I'm taking you there now. It's around here
not far right?
nope
Ok
(phone)
who are you talking to?
Nope
so why do you smile?
oh I'm happy
I'm super happy
about what?
be with you all day long
I'm so happy
sure?
yes!
really?
yep
come on
let's go ! I'm hungry
James
why is it so dark?
don't be scared
you're with me ok?
but it's so dark ?
oh come on
James !
I can't see anything
Happy birth day to you
make a wish
(blowing)
brush your teeth ok?
LOL
Teenoi Happy birthday Baby
Aww thank you James
and thank you all of you
happy birthday Teenoi !!
what's inside?
I'm not gonna tell you
tell me please
wait until you unwrap it
come on
let's take a photo !
win !! it's your job
take my phone
one two three
say cheese !!
(laugh)
wait wait
let's say happy birthday Teenoi at the end ok?
ok great !
one two three
happy birthday Teenoi !!!
(laugh)
so let Teenoi's birthday this year
be our first day of relationship then
If you don’t ask me to be your girlfriend
I’ll say yes to the other guys
I won’t let it happen
....to let you be with other guys?
I'd rather die
LOL
Teenoi
yep
Do you like the birthday this year?
Absolutely
you did a lot for me
how can I say?
Honestly
love is always good
How about you? Win
Me?
Well…
I think I understand what it is
I get to know more of myself
I’ve been through a lot of pain
and expectation
today
I see people who share love
and people who take very good care
of their love like...James
so I really understand the meaning of it
Also, I’m so happy for Beauty
who starts her new love life
Love is just like that
There’s no perfect rule for it
but there’s a deep meaning
that we all have to learn by ourselves
and how about you?
me right now?
I understand the meaning of self-love I think
but if you ask me that am I ready for a new love?
I’m glad and ready to open up
How?
There’s no reason for love
There’s no right or wrong
we just need to admit it
admit the way it is
If you’re ready...
let Minie find someone for you
Look what I’ve got from her? Damn good
Nope
It’s our love so we've do it by ourselves right?
but....it's not that bad
it might be a destiny you know?
Awww look at you
Guys
I'm leaving now
Beam is waiting
Awww Win
Go for it! Go for new love and brighter relationship
go go go
I’m so damn glad and super happy
Come on ! Let's have fun !
you want a trash ? huh?
cut
why did you act like that?
pick it up
you drop it why?
look...it's all out
oh no
eat it then
come on
no..it's corona virus time
cut
sit properly !!!
oh I forgot
water will overcome fire
fire also win
what's wrong with your tongue?
what are you laughing at?
round 1
what time is it?
wait
round 2
what time is it?
round 3
5 pm
it's almost 5 pm
(let's play with her)
stop
hey Frame!!
cut
move your hands out
your hand under his pillow
we can't see his face
oh my fault
beat it
take 3
I'm gonna leave
(out of script)
where're you going to?
You look weird
(out of script)
weird?
I'm asking where are you going to?
just sit down ok?
calm down come on
(hope he can pass through)
if you look this weird
Teenoi will also be
(king of actor !!)
what weird? nopeeee
what's wrong with you?
just sit down. I'm gonna get change and I'll go with you...please
come on sit down !
hey Win !!
I'm gonna go
No..just sit down
wait for me !!
come on
sit here
(so personal)
don't go anywhere !!!
I'm gonna get change for a bit
what?
Frame always acts out of script
Oh my stomach....
you wear too tight shirt I think
it's tight from all over
I've stomachache
What? Damn crazy
out of script again
Why I have to clear all of this alone
Such a great guys ever ! Damn !
what? what are you laughing at ?
who's drunk?
no way
finally the producer asks her to go up stair
no not yet
Look at them..
(one of team member wants to join the scene)
Are you guys dating? Oh my goddd
it's me
if you don't like me, I'd...
(come on ! play with this mama)
(team member plays a lot better than the real actor)
don't give a shit!!
Let's go back home baby
(try to stop laughing)
(Shahub's powerful post)
(Best and his various posts)
about Beauty
(sad scene but funny)
I just want to know why she left
just helping mom.
why did she do that?
Hey....Beauty...
me it's me.....xxx
(forgot the script)
hate you LOL